huh where's the dog what dog this
there's no dog here dog left baby baby
open up there's no dog in here we can
hear the dog barking no that's just me
coughing oh good there you are listen um
I have a dog in my room what is it doing
here well I'm watching it for some
friends who went out of town wait hello
my name is clunkers
may I please stay with you nice people
oh I'm seeing a day here but Chandler's
allergic extremely allergic okay if I am
anywhere near a dog for more than five
minutes my throat will just close up
that's odd cause this dogs been living
here for the past three days
really tailor the toilets been here that
long and you haven't had a reaction
maybe you're not allergic to this dog
well it's on us to go all right why okay
it's um don't do it don't do what I have
to okay it's time
okay I hate dogs what told you they are
needy they are jumpy and you can't tell
what they are thinking and that scares
me a little bit right they are scary she
just ain't a treat out of my hand
wait a minute do you not like all dogs
eyed me not even puppies is there a
puppy here
you don't like puppies okay you are new
look Chandler I told you never tell
anyone about this dog thing it's like
Ross not like an ice cream you don't
like ice cream it's too cold okay just
the dogs make me a little uncomfortable
whored sleepy and I want to say this I
know what you guys to hate me but I
don't think I can be around that dog
anymore okay so either the dog goes or I
go
oh my god hey is Chandler here uh no no
he went for a walk
okay well you can't tell him but look
who's back he went over to Ross's to
bring the dog back here
oh no the dogs not going to be there you
think hi Annie
please please please don't be mad at me
what
why was she waitin see maybe we will
maybe we won't okay I went over to
Ross's apartment to bring back clunkers
you know for you and uh I left the door
open and she must have gotten out and I
looked everywhere all over the apartment
including the roof which fYI Ross one of
your neighbors growing weed I couldn't
find him and I am so so so sorry but I
do know where we can all go ease the
pain we have good news look who's back
Hey oh that's right she came back all by
herself it's a Thanksgiving miracle
it is so good to see you
yet she came all the way back from
Ross's building oh the things she must
have seen and then she climbed up the
fire escape and she tapped on the window
with her teeny little pond then we ran
to let her in I went too far didn't I
what should I have stopped